They say.
if you wanna go fast. go alone.
If you wanna go far. go together.
So I gotta thank our sponsors.
Montecito Jewelers.
Lewis. Lewis. and Young.
I hope Lewis is driving Lewis home.
I see you. man.
You know. we came together today.
and we raised a lot of money for a cause
that I know is near and dear
to all our hearts.
I hope you realize
what an impact you've made today
by choosing to support Save the Frogs.
So thank you. Thank you.
Thank you to our incredible staff.
And speaking of choosing things we love.
thank you
to my beautiful. talented wife. Lindsay.
who helped put this event together.
Whoo!
All right. everyone get home safe.
Ah! Uh-uh. not so fast. mister.
Let's not forget about the best
general manager this club has ever seen.
We love you. Joshie!
Love you. Love you.
Thank you so much.
Good night. everybody.
Bye.
Mi amigo! Vegas with the boys next month.
the 19th. Are you in?
My man. I'm always in.
We have to do a double date soon.
-Yes. we'll make a res at Lucky's.
-Yes.
- Can't wait.
- The best.
-Yeah. Love you.
-Get home safe. All right.
Hey. Enrique. enjoy it down there.
Let me know how it is.
Tell Terry I say hi.
Ashley. Psst.
All right. people. New owner tomorrow.
We need this place spotless.
She's coming all the way from Korea.
You know how they like it. Spotless.
All right?
Babe?
Please do not make this such a big deal.
I'll tell Troy that I can't go. Okay?
Will you also tell Troy
your own wife had to remind you
it's her birthday?
Babe. I forgot for one second.
Can we let it go?
Can we not have
any more work calls. please?
-She wouldn't call if it wasn't important.
-It's a country club.
It's not.
What are you thinking?
Just how much I love you.
Oh. stop. you.
That's gonna be us some day.
I can't wait.
Ooh-wee! Must be nice.
Found big boss man's wallet.
Can you drop off?
- Mm-hmm. You got it.
- No prob.
I said I'm sorry. and it just seems
like you just keep going at it.
Could you please stop making
this about me having a go at you? I'm not.
I'm just objectively saying
we've had a fucking herb garden
on our to-do list for five years.
How do you not find that
fucking depressing?
This is depressing right now.
I find this depressing.
Why can't we just have a great night?
You know. the great fundraiser.
-Oh my God.
-We did that together.
Do you hear yourself? Great fundraiser?
It's like… Are you happy like this?
I feel you're actually happy like this.
Okay. so do you want me
to be more unhappy?
What's the proper amount of unhappy
you would like me to be. Lindsay?
I don't. I just want you to recognize
that this is not what we agreed on.
I'm not passing blame.
I'm just saying. objectively.
nothing that we planned has happened.
Nothing?
As if you don't have
a really nice dress on
and you don't drive a really nice car
and have a really nice life?
That's not the point.
The point is we've been here
for six years. and nothing's finished.
I've got one room that's halfway done.
Because these things take time.
We both knew you don't just slap together
a bespoke bed and breakfast overnight.
We said we'd be done
by the time you were 40.
-So we're a few years off schedule.
-Okay. we are way off schedule.
-And that's my fault?
-No. Oh my God. Fucking…
I am not saying it is your fault.
If I go scatter the mulch.
will that make you happy?
-I'm gonna go scatter the mulch right now.
-Oh my God. you are such a fucking child.
This place is like Rome.
What is this?
- It's insane.
- Whoa.
That fountain alone
could pay for our wedding.
Rich people are. like. so gross.
I know.
Oh my gosh.
-Sorry.
-We're so sorry.
-Sorry. You go.
-I'm sorry!
That was… You go. You go.
Should I go?
- He wants us to go.
- Okay.
Ugh.
I shouldn't have gone.
It's infested with mold.
you know.
You know. it must be really nice
to sit in your British fucking tower
and criticize everything
instead of actually doing anything.
I do plenty around here.
Other than feed Burberry? Nope.
What am I doing
this evening. then?
Or in this fucking dress?
Or at every charity committee meeting?
You like doing that stuff.
You like doing it.
I hate it. I've just gotten
really good at pretending.
Lindsay. you get privileged access
to titans in every industry.
-You love it. You fucking love it.
-Who? Who are these titans?
We get to be friends
with politicians and CEOs.
- We had dinner with Bono.
- This is the thing.
You think that they're your friends.
but they're not.
You're staff. You're an employee.
They pay you to be around.
Well. one of us has to get paid.
Maybe if we had a little more income.
I wouldn't have to do this job
that you find so repulsive.
Well. I gave you my entire inheritance.
and we're still completely underwater.
If you bring up my mother right now.
I will lose my shit.
I do not regret a dime we spent on her.
You see. when we first started dating.
you said money didn't matter.
And you tricked me.
You fucking tricked me.
It's not just about money.
We haven't had sex in a year.
-It has not been a year.
-Oh my God. fine. So fucking 11 months.
We have a real problem. Josh.
And we don't talk about it.
I don't have time for this.
Maybe you should drink less next time.
Fuck you.
All right. be right back. cutie.
No. I wanna go with you.
You don't have to.
I'll miss you though.
I love you so fucking much.
I love you so much.
Excited to teach you about…
See. this is what you do.
You fuck off in here
so we don't ever have to talk.
-Please leave me alone. Lindsay?
-You doing your pervert shit?
- Is that what's happening?
- My phone.
- Why? Why?
- Give me my phone back.
- Why do you want it? What are you hiding?
- I'm not hiding anything.
I'm listening to a fucking podcast.
I'm working on myself.
Listening to a podcast in your little shed
isn't working on shit. Josh.
Well. you want me to go back to how I was?
Would you prefer that?
Either sexual deviant or celibacy?
Is there a middle ground
where you want to fuck your wife?
-Maybe if you didn't belittle me.
-I don't even fucking care.
Troy and Ava have sex every day.
by the way. He's 68.
Yeah. well. I would too
if I was married to Ava.
I hate you.
There it is.
- I hate you.
- Yeah. I know.
- Yeah. I fucking hate you.
- I know. I know.
- You've wasted…
- Yeah.
You've wasted my whole life.
-Then fucking divorce me.
-I would…
- Please divorce me.
- You spent all my money on your mother!
Yeah. this is why I don't do wallets.
I know. You're literally spending money
to carry money. It's crazy.
You're so smart.
What was that?
I don't know.
I asked you to leave me alone!
I said leave me alone!
That sounds really bad.
Yeah. I feel like
you should wait in the car.
No way. Where you go. I go.
Okay. stay close.
Okay.
I'm gonna record it.
You are painfully average!
Yeah. good job. Lindsay.
You are an empty. selfish woman.
Thank God we didn't have kids!
Oh. fuck you.
-No. no. that's it.
-Stay the fuck away.
-Lindsay. I'm sick of this shit.
-Let me go!
- That's enough. fucking bitch.
- Don't touch me!
Stop! Stop it!
Shit.
Hey. You're safe.
That's all that matters. okay?
We'll call the cops.
-But they'll know that we called. right?
-No. no. No. They barely saw us.
Look. our job is to call it in.
- Stay the fuck away from me.
- Oh my God.
- I'm sick of this shit.
- I think that's blood.
Ash. if I were to ever
raise my voice at you.
I'd hope someone reports me.
Thank God you were recording.
Yeah. but you're… you're
only at the club part-time.
- I have to see them every day.
- It'll be okay.
I'll make sure
nothing happens to you. okay?
Okay.
I think we should stay out of it.
Okay. then.
Are you mad at me?
No. of course not.
What are you thinking?
That was fucking weird.
I mean… what was that about?
They were employees.
They dropped off my wallet.
Well. what were they doing standing there?
I mean. who does that?
So weird. right?
-Bizarre.
-Yeah. so weird.
How long do you think they were there?
I don't know. Not sure.
Do you think…
you think they're gonna tell anyone?
Uh. what is there to tell?
Couples fight. It's normal.
Yeah.
We're normal.
Right.
-Yeah. we didn't do anything wrong.
-No.
I'll just check in with them
in the morning. you know. Right?
-Yeah.
-I'm sure it's fine.
Just got a bit carried away.
Yeah. we just. uh. had
a little too much wine.
Ow. Fuck.
It's the owner.
What the fuck?
Should I answer it?
I already talked to her when she landed.
Um…
-Y… yes
-Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Hello. Josh speaking.
Hi. Josh.
Hi. Eunice. How are you?
- I'm well. Is now a good time?
- Translator.
Yep. now's a good time.
Yes. Yes. we are. We're all ready
for tomorrow. We're all set.
Yeah. I can't wait to show Chairwoman Park
what an amazing renovation Lindsay's done.
Yeah. sure.
Uh. what's up?
Yes. Yes. uh…
Yeah. we're happy to take a list down
of anything she might need.
What kind of water?
All right.
hey. everybody.
As you know.
we got the new owner in the house today.
Everybody's… stressed.
Tensions are high.
And. uh… I know what we're all thinking.
We're all thinking the same thing.
Are there gonna be more cuts?
Is your job safe?
Hey. if it were up to me.
I'd keep all of you.
But I'm just a guy who manages staff.
My job is to keep the owner happy.
And we got a new one coming in
who wants to save money.
So I gotta keep it real with the squad.
Look. last three months have been tough.
Been shaky. to say the least.
Had to let a lot of people go.
A lot of people.
Ownership change is… It can be rough.
But. you know.
the thing that I keep coming back to.
the thing that is rock solid
is what an incredible team we have.
We got each other's backs. right?
Yeah?
If someone slips up. we pick them back up.
We pick them up. you know?
You never know
what someone's going through.
So we look for the best in each other.
And that's why membership is increasing.
That's why top athletes come here.
That's why we won Club of the Year.
And that's because of you!
All of you! Really!
Okay. so let's go out there.
and let's be Team MVP today. Yeah?
All right.
And friendly reminder.
no phones unless it's work-related.
All right. everybody. Thanks.
What the…
Okay. Don't worry. man.
I got you. It's okay.
It's okay. buddy. It's okay. It's okay.
Come on. Come on. Come on.
Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Lindsay! Lindsay! I'm sick of this shit!
- Let me go!
- That's enough. you bitch!
- Don't fucking touch me!
- Stop! Stop it!
Okay.
Mmm…
Bit of a shit-colored thing. aren't you?
No.
Yes. Okay. We can make this work.
We will make this work.
We are going to land the project.
She's going to love it.
We're going to save money.
We're going to save the money.
And we will claw our way out of this pit.
you cheaply made Chinese fire hazard.
Mrs. Crane?
- Hi.
- Can I help you?
- Hello.
Beautiful home.
We're not interested in solar.
Oh. no. I'm… I'm Austin.
I… I work at the club.
- Oh. right.
- We saw each other last night.
Oh my God. Yes. So good to see you again.
Yes.
Pillow fight would go crazy right now.
Um. look…
I know it's not my place.
but I'll have you know
that my fiancée and I are a safe space.
Wow.
-How lovely.
-Miss. miss. miss. you're not alone.
We can work with the authorities
and get you out of this situation.
Okay.
Um…
I think you've got
the wrong end of the stick.
I think I got
a pretty good end of the stick.
How old are you?
Twenty-nine.
Aw.
Um… and how long have you and…
-What's her name?
-Ashley.
Ashley. How long have
you and Ashley been going out?
A year and a half.
Wow. Aw. So early.
Well. you've got a good fight coming.
And when it does come.
you two are gonna be stronger for it.
If I may say this. ma'am. I don't think
that's how relationships work.
All right.
All I'll say is that
all the couples I know that last.
they've really had at it. you know?
And it's actually the ones that don't
where someone's usually hiding something.
I mean. not to say
that that's your situation with. um…
-Ashley.
-…Ashley.
But the bad
does have to come out somewhere.
Do you understand?
Are you okay?
Do you want a pillow?
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
I love it.
Well. the color really suits you.
Claw me!
Sorry?
White Claw.
-I'd like a White Claw. please.
-Oh.
Uh… is watermelon okay?
Fantastic. That's my favorite melon.
We have
a lovely tuna salad cup as well.
I'm good.
-Ashley Miller. right?
-Hi. Yes. Sorry. I'm Ashley.
Last night was fun. huh?
What?
The fundraiser. It was a good turnout.
No. Yeah. um…
Yeah. I've never seen
so many people in my life.
How was the rest of your night?
Um… it was pretty quiet.
My fiancé and I go to bed early.
Austin Davis. right?
Austin Davis. Yeah.
Yeah. that's… that's my guy.
Hmm.
Yeah. my wife said
he just stopped by our place. your guy.
He did?
Oh.
Wow. um…
Yeah. sorry. I've had my phone off
since the meeting. Um…
Yeah. You know what?
We never… we never thanked you guys
for bringing back the wallet.
So. Linds really should've given this
to him. But. um. uh…
-Oh gosh.
-Here you go.
-No. you don't have to do that.
-No. please. I insist.
Ah! No. no. no. I really can't.
Come on. please.
You guys get tips all the time. It's fine.
Not all the time. No.
Really?
- I…
- Okay. Okay. Okay.
Ashley. you know.
our members pay a lot of money
to come here.
300k initiation fee. Did you know that?
Yeah. I know. It's… it's so crazy.
Yeah. it's so crazy. right?
Do you know
why they pay so much to come here?
Um…
Uh… the golf?
Yeah.
The golf. The courts.
The exclusivity.
- The discretion.
- Okay.
People need a place
where they can feel safe.
Where they can pretend everything is okay.
It's the land of make-believe.
Do you follow?
Um… I think so. Yeah.
Do you. though?
Because. like. when your fiancé comes
and visits my wife unannounced.
I start to wonder. "Is everything okay?"
Do you not wanna make-believe?
'Cause if you don't.
you know.
I can find somebody who does.
No. No. no. I want to make-believe. sir.
- Yeah?
- Yes.
- You do?
- Yeah.
Good.
That's great to hear. Ashley. Okay.
You're doing great.
Keep up the good work. all right?
-Thank you.
-All right.
Uh. Ashley. there's a lot of balls
on that hill there.
You mind grabbing those?
No. of course.
Thank you.
Oops.
No. I asked for eggshell.
and this is bone.
So why is this bone?
Well. this was 30% off.
So is there a discussion thread
that I missed?
-Or was this a Deb-only decision?
-Let me just run to the store--
No. it's fine. I'm just trying
to understand the machinations behind…
All right. All right. everyone.
They're landing. Here we go.
All right. Vivian. we get
the Ophora water she wanted? Great.
-Calvin. grounds team did a final pass?
-Everything's shipshape.
-All right. Okay. Linds. everything good?
-Yep. Just making some final adjustments.
Okay. We're all good. by the way.
I spoke to Ashley.
Wonderful.
Okay.
All right. everybody.
Smile. Smile.
Okay. we're happy.
We are excellent.
We're excellent.
Annyeonghaseyo!
Fore!
Hey. sweetie. Did you see the ball?
Hey there!
Oh. I'm so sorry.
You okay. gorgeous?
Damn. you see that ass?
Uh. yeah. Don't mind me.
Uh. I think your ball
landed by the cart path.
As you can see. I love light.
I love windows.
I love color.
Mmm. Love color.
Um. and we pride ourselves on cleanliness
at Monte Vista Point.
It's all… clean.
Um. all of the furniture is vintage.
And I had my team reupholster these
in the sort of crushed velvet
that's to die for.
All of the furniture
is vintage.
Specifically. this sofa was reupholstered
in a crushed velvet.
Yeah. well. we can…
we can circle back on the…
on the velvet. right?
Yeah.
Um. let's see.
This… this wallpaper reminds me
of my family's cottage in Cornwall.
It's where my brother
first doodled a little drawing
that he later turned into Bloomscully.
-Won the Pul--
-Which won the Pulitzer.
Pulitzer Prize.
They are not currently saying
anything worth translating.
There's a lot to change
before my husband visits.
I'm just going to do it myself.
Ah! Thumbs up.
Oh.
-I waited to select the china--
-Dishware. So…
-Uh. dishware.
-The proper term for that.
Until the chairwoman
had a chance to weigh in
because this is her space.
She finds it all very. um… colonial.
Thank you so much.
She does not like colonial.
- Okay.
- Oh. um…
Perhaps something's
getting lost in translation.
She would like it all redone…
by someone else.
Yeah. we're not married to any of this.
- That's enough. bitch!
- Don't fucking touch me!
Stop it!
- Lindsay! I'm sick of this shit!
- Let me go!
That's enough!
- Sorry for the wait.
- Oh. no problem.
Actually. I got a lot of reading done.
Did you know
that whales can experience mental illness?
All right. so judging by your symptoms
and the ultrasound.
it. uh. seems you have an ovarian cyst.
Ah.
Yeah. your. uh. nausea
and abdominal pain
are due to the fact
that the. uh. cyst is twisting your ovary.
Fortunately. it detorsed on its own.
For now.
You will need surgery as soon as you can.
Otherwise. you'll continue experiencing
intermittent torsion.
And if the ovary doesn't detorse
like it did today.
uh. it will cut blood flow to the ovary.
which. uh. can be fatal.
Oh.
Yeah. uh…
Oh. you're only 26. so you're too young
to be thinking about this.
but it might make
getting pregnant difficult.
Any questions?
I. um…
I… I don't have health insurance.
Babe. you will find another gig.
You're a good interior designer.
And she liked the vases.
She thought the vases were great.
You know. we can't control
that… she hated everything else.
I thought it all looked good.
looked great.
I thought somebody could like that.
but… but I gotta make sure she's happy.
She's the boss.
I need
all the boss points I can get right now.
My contract's up.
She hasn't even brought it up once.
She'd be a fool not to keep you.
You're very good at your job.
Thank you.
I didn't mean that as a compliment.
Cool.
Everyone loves light. by the way.
There's no human being
that doesn't love light.
- Hey. sweetie. How's it going?
- Hi. Dad.
Uh. I'm good.
Um. I… I kinda don't know
what to do right now.
- Oh. do you have people over?
- Oh. yeah. Yeah. yeah.
-Say hi.
-Hi!
-Oh. hi!
I'm sorry. sweetie. We really
would've invited you. but it's just--
It's not your dad's fault.
I organized. I should've texted.
- Babe. it's not your fault.
- No problem at all.
So how's your boyfriend?
Uh. fiancé. but that's okay.
- We're… we're still getting used to it.
- Oh. what a moron!
-What?
-Oh.
Oh. oh. go… go watch the game. please.
Uh. maybe Austin and I will have.
like. an engagement party.
and we can all catch up.
and I'll invite my mom. and…
No!
I… I'm sorry. sweetie. What did you say?
Uh. yeah. it's… it's not important.
Love you guys!
Are you okay? What happened?
Yeah. it was…
it was just an upset stomach.
Missed you.
Serious?
Follow all the way through.
Like that?
It's perfect.
Appreciate you. Troy.
Hey. one more thing. Can I just ask…
I don't know. man.
Do you think I should talk to her?
Depends. I mean. how upset did she seem?
I mean. it's hard to tell.
She doesn't speak any English. so
I can only go by what the translator says.
Well. look. bud. I'll keep an ear out.
but I'm sure
she'll extend your contract soon.
Worst-case scenario.
I'll rally the members.
and we'll start a petition or something.
Aw. that means a lot. Thank you.
Of course. Anything for you. man.
You're the best. man.
Ha!
Oh. hey. by the way.
what was up with the kitchen today?
What? What do you mean?
Uh. my meal was. like. super lukewarm.
I… I might even say it was cold.
The squash blossoms were soggy too.
That's unacceptable. I'm on it.
Appreciate you. mi amigo.
See you mañana.
Mm-hmm.
I love you.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm just. uh…
I'm just… I'm just getting close.
I love you.
Just come inside me. okay?
- Are you sure?
- Yeah. I'm sure.
I'm so close. Don't stop.
Oh my God.
Oh man.
No. no more. No more.
No more.
No. thank you.
What actually happens is
that your baseline level
of dopamine drops.
And I will explain
the precise mechanism for that.
Okay. in the neuroscience literature.
we refer to this
as tonic and phasic release…
Boring.
Wait. what?
What does that mean?
I don't know. I guess
I'm gonna need surgery or something.
It's gonna be hard for us to get pregnant.
I'm so sorry.
I was scared to tell you
'cause I thought you'd break up with me.
Ash. I would never.
I'm always worried you're gonna leave me.
Why?
I can't do. like. the one basic thing
that this whole. like.
everything is about. like. everywhere.
Nature.
It's what everything does. and I can't.
Hey.
You're powerful. You're perfect.
Look at me. You can do anything.
I'll remind you
we're gonna have the best life.
Oh my God.
That's not gonna work right now.
No. for real.
We've always said
all we need is each other and the beach.
Oh my God. Austin.
If we wanna have a baby.
I'm gonna need a special doctor. okay?
And then I'm gonna need surgery.
which means I need a job
with health insurance.
which means I need a high school diploma.
which means I'm a fucking loser.
Don't say that about yourself.
That's not true.
Tell me what to do. then. Huh?
I don't know.
This is new for me too.
Tell me.
Please.
Late-stage capitalism.
It's all about fighting it. right?
- What are you talking about?
- The system.
The system is designed
to make you feel despair.
Like. the disparity is systemic.
You know what I mean?
- Like income inequality?
- Yes. exactly.
You know the 16-piece at KFC
is $52.99 right now.
- How often are you going?
- That's not my point.
It's on the way to work.
Look. what I'm trying to say is
none of this
is your fault. okay?
The people in charge
have made it impossible for us.
Yeah. um…
Okay. yeah. I guess
I've been feeling that a lot lately. I…
I just didn't have the right words for it.
I've been feeling it too.
Like. sometimes
I feel like I peaked in college
and I'm not bringing enough to the table.
And sometimes I can get down about it.
but then I remember
that we work at a fucking country club
where everyone grabbed the bag
before we could.
Of course we feel this way.
Yeah. fucking Josh gets paid the most.
He's just being a dick all day.
I mean. we wouldn't even be in this mess
if he hadn't made me pick up balls.
Yeah.
It's unfair.
Globally.
There… there's gotta be
a redistribution of the wealth.
and. like. we should all get out and vote.
Yeah. I mean. what you're really saying is
we've gotta take it back from everyone.
Broadly speaking. yes.
You know. I was reading
how antitrust laws might help.
You know what would help?
Is if perfectly good people
stopped getting fired
and this fucking abuser
loses his job instead.
Yeah. No. we should be reexamining
everyone in power for sure.
You know. I saw this thing
on lobbying regulations and. um…
I didn't read it. but just let me find it.
I'll send it to you right now.
Fuck.
♪ Gonna be you ♪
♪ And me ♪
♪ Gonna be everything you ♪
♪ You ever dreamed ♪
♪ I'm gonna be who ♪
♪ You need ♪
♪ Gonna be everything… ♪
-Hey.